ADD instructions on how to set up a secure development environment. (#2664)
pydanny/cookiecutter-django: docs/developing-locally-docker.rst

local.yml
~~~~~~~~~

#. Add the ``nginx-proxy`` service. ::

    ...

    nginx-proxy:
      image: jwilder/nginx-proxy:alpine
      container_name: nginx-proxy
      ports:
        - "80:80"
        - "443:443"
      volumes:
        - /var/run/docker.sock:/tmp/docker.sock:ro
        - ./certs:/etc/nginx/certs
      restart: always
      depends_on:
        - django
    
    ...

#. Link the ``nginx-proxy`` to ``django`` through environmental variables.
   
   ``django`` already has an ``.env`` file connected to it. Add the following variables. You should do this especially if you are working with a team and you want to keep your local environment details to yourself.

   ::

      # HTTPS
      # ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      VIRTUAL_HOST=my-dev-env.local
      VIRTUAL_PORT=8000

   The services run behind the reverse proxy.

config/settings/local.py

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: There is a Sphinx warning on this line:

```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

You should allow the new hostname. ::

  ALLOWED_HOSTS = ["localhost", "0.0.0.0", "127.0.0.1", "my-dev-env.local"]

Rebuild your ``docker`` application. ::

  $ docker-compose -f local.yml up -d --build

> Go to your browser and type in your usrl, ``

Reviewer: Looks like something is missing here... Did you mean to write something like that?

```suggestion
Go to your browser and type in your URL bar ``https://my-dev-env.local``
```
